(issue): Page Not Found (#4)
derhuerst/berlin-gtfs-rt-server: readme.md

It also needs access to a [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org) 14+ server; Pass custom [`PG*` environment variables](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/14/libpq-envars.html) if you run PostgreSQL in an unusual configuration.

> It also needs access to a [NATS Streaming](insert something not resulting in a Page Not Found) server (just follow its [setup guide](insert something not resulting in a Page Not Found)); Set the `NATS_STREAMING_URL` environment variable if you run it in an unusual configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also needs access to a [NATS Streaming](https://nats-io.gitbook.io/legacy-nats-docs/nats-streaming-server-aka-stan) server (just follow its [installation guide](https://nats-io.gitbook.io/legacy-nats-docs/nats-streaming-server-aka-stan/stan-nats-streaming-server/installing)); Set the `NATS_STREAMING_URL` environment variable if you run it in an unusual configuration.
```

### via docker-compose

> The example [`docker-compose.yml`](docker-compose.yml) starts up a complete set of containers (`berlin-gtfs-rt-server`, Redis, PostGIS/PostgreSQL, [NATS Streaming](page not found)) to generate a GTFS-RT feed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example [`docker-compose.yml`](docker-compose.yml) starts up a complete set of containers (`berlin-gtfs-rt-server`, Redis, PostGIS/PostgreSQL, [NATS Streaming](https://nats-io.gitbook.io/legacy-nats-docs/nats-streaming-server-aka-stan)) to generate a GTFS-RT feed
```
